The familiar Word app lets you create, edit, view and share your files with others quickly and easily. It also lets you view and edit Office doc attached to email messages. Work with anyone, anywhere with confidence. With Word, your Office moves with you everywhere supporting you whether you are a blogger, a writer, a journalist, a columnist, a student working on assignments or a project manager working on documentation, it will be as handy as you want it to be. Word introduces pdf reader and makes reading a pdf easier for you. It enables you to read your pdfs and e-books while traveling, before bedtime or wherever you want. 
Make impactful text documents, scripts, blogs, write-ups, or resumes. Customize your document, letter, resume, or your notes your way with robust tools that enable you to accomplish your best writing with the best format options. Word gives you the capabilities to customize your writing and design your document to meet your specific needs with respect to your different projects and assignments
Create with confidence

Jump-start your project, assignments, letter, blogs, scripts, note, write-ups or resume with beautifully designed modern templates.  In your assignments, letters, notes, scripts, resume and project documentation: use rich formatting and layout options to note down your ideas and express it in writing. Document format and layout stay pristine and look great — no matter what device you use. 

Reading, writing and editing Comfortably 

With Word’s pdf reader feature, now go through your pdf documents at your own ease on any device. Reading view lets you read long text docs, pdfs, letters, scripts, write-ups, blogs or notes and review files on your device with ease. Writing down insights from the web right into your Word docs helps you review the insights later. Edit your pdf by converting it into word document file and make changes in your docs as you want. Convert your doc into pdf after editing and share your pdf file with a click of button.

Collaborate with anyone, anywhere 

As you and your team make changes to your text documents, you can revert to view earlier drafts of the files with the improved version history in Word. 
Keep everyone on the same page 
Share your thoughts by commenting in your doc right next to the text you’re discussing. Everyone can add to the conversation and stay on top of changes to the text, layout and formatting in docs. 
Sharing is simplified 

Share your pdfs and document files with a click of a button to quickly invite others to edit or view your text documents. Easily manage access permissions and see who’s working in a document. Copy the content of your word files directly in the body of an email message with its format intact or attach your pdfs and docs to an email and make sharing easier.s