Order food for delivery or pickup up from the app that does it better. Get the best restaurants, full menus, and no hidden fees. 

There’s a reason Grubhub is the most loved delivery and takeout app in the U.S. Thanks to our terrific restaurant partners, we deliver exactly what you’re craving with a quick and easy online ordering service that will make calling in from paper menus a thing of the past.

More options in more places: If you’re trying somewhere new, there’s a better chance that Grubhub is there to help you get to know the local food scene. Open your Grubhub app wherever you go to see what the selection looks like around you.

Re-order favorites faster with Express Reorder: Got a go-to Pad Thai that’s never let you down? Tap "Express Reorder" to quickly bring a previously ordered meal straight to checkout.

Push notifications: Stay up to date with real-time order updates.

Preorder Your Next Meal: Not even the busiest days can ruin a great lunch with preorder on Grubhub. Place your order from two hours to up to four days in advance to get your delivery right when you know that you’ll need it.

Easy Search: Want tacos? Just type “tacos” into search! A listing of the nearest local taco joints will pop up, and all you’ve got to do is pick your place, choose your taco, and place your order. That’s a three-tap taco — it doesn’t get much easier than that. 

More ways to pay: Pay faster with Android Pay, PayPal, or a good old-fashioned credit card. Whatever works best for you, works great for us.

Ratings and reviews: The Grubhub community submits ratings and reviews of Grubhub restaurants, giving you access to local insights that you can trust.

Grubhub gifts: If you’ve got a birthday or holiday heading your way, there’s no gift like the gift of great food. Grubhub has got you covered with our Grubhub eGift cards, available for any occasion.

Grubhub is available in more than 1,100 cities and counting, and continues to expand every day. Look up local restaurants in places like Chicago, New York, Boston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Washington, DC, Atlanta, Austin, Baltimore, Bridgeport, Columbus, Dallas, Fort Worth, Denver, Hartford, Houston, Las Vegas, Miami, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Diego, San Jose, Seattle.