Introducing the revolutionary news app that's powered by the people, for the people. Get your own Newsroom and get the best stories from around the world. Simply explore a list of topic-based discussions, which we call vibes, to find the news that matters to you. From there, join the discussion by sharing your reactions and evolve the conversation by posting stories from around the web. Many people out there are passionate about the same topics as you are. Join them, expand your perspectives, build your stories and feel the vibe. 

Features: 

Choose from hundreds of vibe topics to get a personalized news feed (your Newsroom) full of the news you're interested in across US and World News, and get new trends in finance, health, business, sports, entertainment, lifestyle and much more. Your Newsroom includes content from a wide variety of news sources - Yahoo, Buzzfeed, Wall Street Journal, NPR, Bloomberg, Huffington Post, among others. 

Evolve the conversation by posting articles from around the web directly into the relevant vibe to spark a discussion. 

Get personalized alerts to help you stay on top of the news and conversations that are relevant to you so you don't miss out. 

Tips: 

Tap "Explore" to find the vibes that align with your passions and interests. The more vibes you follow, the more tailored the app will become to your interests. 

Browse your Newsroom to read all the news that's important to you and debate and discuss with a passionate community. Don't forget to sign in using your Yahoo account to get the stories and conversations tailored to your interests. 

News, Politics, Sports, Health and much more!
Follow the latest US and World news, including all the fun stuff in politics.
Go beyond the episodes on your favorite television shows, know what to see with the latest movies coverage and get the inside scoop on celebrity gossip.
Get the latest scores and news across the NFL, College Football, MLB, NHK, NBA, MLS, and more, from our award winning journalists. 