Cannes Film Festival exclusive beauty looks just released! Try the best Cannes celebrity red carpet makeovers straight from the festival including Elle Fanning's look and more, brought to you in partnership with L'Oréal Paris.

Try makeup in real-time with the live Makeup Cam and buy the products you love now. Get an instant makeover with hundreds of makeup & beauty looks that you can apply in real life just like a magic mirror.

YouCam Makeup Selfie Camera Features:
◇ Selfie editor complete with lipstick, contour, eye makeup & blush that you can shop for

Makeup Videos - Live Streaming Makeup Experts
◇ Live streaming makeup tutorials to feed your makeup addiction
◇ Live chat with beauty tutorial streamers for makeup tips & hot trends from our live stream

Daily Horoscopes
◇ Daily horoscope readings and lucky beauty tips, 7 days a week
◇ Astrology advice from real fashion and beauty astrologers

Beauty Circle Social Community - Your Daily Beauty Guide
◇ Makeup, fashion & style talk keeps you up to date with latest trends. Find inspiration, try then buy!
◇ Share to Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook and your favorite social networks

Makeovers in Real-Time: Try Makeup, Auto Beautify Before Taking a Photo & Shop Your Favorite makeup
◇ Record a Makeover Mashup Video, try on a series of makeup looks automatically & record them in a short video**
◇ Get style ready for social media like Instagram & Snapchat with real-time effects and previews
**Available for Android 5.0 devices with 1GB or more

Flawless Skin & Face Editor - Always a Glamorous Look
◇ Flawless skin is yours with adjustable skin tones and effortless tans
◇ Face editor includes skin smoother and skin toner for flawless skin or add freckles for a totally on fleek look!
◇ Add blush & contour, remove shine for a pristine, natural look
◇ Change eye color and overlay makeup to style your look up or down for any occasion

Hairstyle & Hair Color Changer - Salon Styles in Dozens of Shades
◇ Try on a hairstyle over any face with super-accurate facial detection
◇ Dye your own hair - color hair any way you want!
◇ Hairstyle choices and haircuts range from long hair, short hairstyles, curly hair or straight

Eye-catching Makeovers - Create Unique Eye Styles
◇ Make your eye color shine with smart tools that conceal under eye circles and remove red eyes
◇ Mascara tool instantly adds volume & length to lashes

Eyebrow Editor - Find the Best Eyebrow Style for Your Face
◇ Powerful eyebrow editor lets you color or trim existing brows for a subtle change that will soften your facial features. Get the perfect brow just like microblading!
◇ Our eyebrow editor can replace your brows with dozens of colors & shapes

Lip Enhancements & Gleaming Teeth - A Natural, Confident Smile Every Time
◇ Lipstick and lip gloss! Choose classic matte color or shine colors depending on your mood
◇ Whiten your teeth instantly with teeth whitener