Autosync Google Drive lets you automatically sync and share unlimited files and folders with Google Drive cloud storage and with your other devices. It is an ideal tool for photo sync, photo upload, music download, document and file backup, automatic file transfer, automatic file sharing between devices,...  New files in your device are instantly uploaded to Google Drive. New files in Google Drive are automatically downloaded onto your device. If you delete a file on one side, it will be deleted on the other side. It works across multiple devices (your phone and your tablet). If their folders are synced with the same Google Drive account, they will be kept in sync with each other.  This is how Google Drive desktop client works but it's not the same with the official Google Drive Android app. The Google Drive app is all manual. Autosync Google Drive is all about automation.  Two-way automatic sync should be an essential feature of the official Google Drive app itself since the beginning. For whatever reason it is not the case. Autosync Google Drive is here to fill the gap.  MAIN FEATURES  ✓ Full two-way autosync running in background, just like Google Drive on desktop ✓ Many sync modes. Not only two-way, you can also choose Upload only, Upload then delete, Download only, Download mirror,... ✓ Instant upload: new and modified files are uploaded immediately ✓ Very efficient, consumes almost no battery ✓ Easy to set up. Once set up files will be kept in sync without any effort from users ✓ Works reliably under ever changing network conditions on your phone ✓ Monitors battery level, WiFi/3G/4G/LTE/WiMax connectivity and adapts its behavior according to user preferences ✓ Configurable autosync interval: 15 minutes, 30 minutes, every hour,... ✓ Tasker plugin to allow power users to define sophisticated sync schedules and conditions  If you like this app, please consider upgrading to premium version. By doing so you support the development efforts and get access to premium features. You can do so via in-app purchase.  PREMIUM FEATURES  ✓ Sync multiple pairs of folders ✓ Sync your entire cloud account with a folder in your device ✓ Upload files larger than 10 MB ✓ Protect app settings with passcode ✓ No ads displayed in the app ✓ Email support by developer 