★ God’s holy words any moment for a blessed day! ★  Bible Offline - Holy Bible application is used by Christians from more than 200 countries in 40 languages to pray and receive the Holy Word.  Conceived to propagate and make The Christian Bible studies to read the bible in an easily and greatly way, pray and listening a bible free anytime, anywhere.   ABOUT BIBLE OFFLINE We are the first offline bible free of Play Store, functioning as a free bible offline and audio bible without the need to access the internet.  Bible free official application(*) believes that the holy word of God must reach everyone easily, quickly , clearly and freely in a shareable way.  Read your verse of day or listen to the audio bible anywhere to bless you all the times.  Bible Offline - the Holy Bible app offers offline content to read the Bible, read psalms, Old Testament, New Testament, and all versions and translations.  The audio bible includes the holy word in the voice of renowned Pastors.   RESOURCES AND FEATURES OF BIBLE OFFLINE ◉ Search, Favorite and Note ◉ Color Assigning Labels ◉ Sharing Versicles ◉ Devotionals, Hymnal, Biblical Plans, Biblical Dictionary, and Biblical Map. ◉ Complete content to read psalms in the Old Testament; ◉ Book list of the holy word in alphabetic order: ◉ Support for Android Wear, with devotions in your watch; ◉ Included content to read psalms; ◉ Read verse of day; ◉ Application installation of the holy bible app on SD card; ◉ Option to remove ads.   Find also the verse of day and read psalms, learn and remember the words of God and all teachings of Jesus in the audio bible, too.    DETAILS OF THE BIBLE OFFLINE - THE HOLY BIBLE APP - Read the bible plans: continue reading and pray through innumerable reading plans one can plan, customize and receive help throughout the study of The Bible and specific themes or parts of it. Read the verse of day with the Widget on your phone.  - Read the bible app, pray and listen the bible free: free Bible Audio. Holy bible availability of audio, sync holy word with verses, Talkback compatibility for visual impaired people to pray; NIV live Holy Bible audio (English). A complete audio bible to listen to the word of God and the teaching of Jesus.  - Pray and read the holy bible, versicles and receive our daily bread and verse of day: resources to highlight the holy word of God in the bible free; mark with colors; copy; notes; versicle speech; Widget (versicle of the day); sharing on Facebook, Twitter, SMS, email, Bible WatchFace, with one new versicle every minute on your Android Wear.  - Searching System to read the bible app: option for the whole Holy Bible, read psalms, old Testament, new Testament or separate the holy word by book; multi-word search. Biblical dictionary with more than 900 words. Unite with the word of God and the wisdom of Jesus in a simple way.  - Read the bible and pray with comfort: define this bible free application interface and read the holy bible in more than 30 languages; adapt word size; night reading free bible mode (black background with white background); lay-out for Tablet (HD). It’s all about making the bible accessible for you to follow your journey with Jesus.   LANGUAGES AND VERSIONS More than 75 translations of the holy bible in different languages to read the free bible. Among them: - NIV (New International Version 2011) - King James in English - Reina Valera in Spanish - Luther's Bible in German - the original Greek and Hebrew, - and many others  Audio versions to the holy word for all translations of the holy bible, including NIV Live Audio, with Oscar winning cast and renowned Pastors that read holy bible versicles. Listen to the audio bible and be close to God and Jesus anywhere!  Acknowledgements: (*) Official Application = according to copyright, including authorized content.