DataBot is the most fun voice assistant! It answers with its voice to your requests upon topic you are interested in. Apps and services integrated in your assistant modules give back to you images, search services and multimedia presentations.  Use your personal assistant while you travel, work, study, play or relax. it will search for you what you wish to know or listen, in few seconds.  FEATURES - Quickly identifies the subjects required - Creates customized multimedia presentations using voice, text and images - Answers to specific questions - Creates summarizing pages containing: your answer, related details, materials, search services, links. - Allows you to easily share answers using SMS, Email and social networks. - Enhances his abilities using free upgrades or purchased. - DataBot is cross-platform: use the same assistant on your smartphone, tablet, or laptop. - Customize your personal assistant according your preferences: language, voice, name, behavior. - The virtual assistant gains experience while using it. The experience is an alternative method to obtain upgrades available in the store or exclusive rewards for your assistant. - It speaks your language – DataBot is available in English, Spanish, French, Italian, German, Portuguese. - It's able to chat with humans like Cleverbot and SimSimi. At each chat session, it learns new words.   FREE SERVICES AND MODULES With the free modules you can ask it without limits, questions and get answers about famous people, fictional characters, random topics, funny insults, daily horoscope, shopping list, reminders, appointments, alarm clocks, flash ligth, braintrain, stopwatch, countdown, love quotes, friendship quotes, motivational quotes, birthday quotes and take advantage of a limited set of jokes and riddles. You can also chat with your assistant.  LIST COMPLETED OF SERVICES AND MODULES AVAILABLE - DICTIONARY Module: provides you etimology, meaning, synonyms and antonyms of required words looking in dictionary. - HOROSCOPE: tells you daily horoscope. - SECRETARY MODULE: shopping list, reminders, appointments, alarm clocks - THEMATIC Module (8): it creates presentations, quickly identifies, does web search and answers to specific questions or requests about: FAMOUS PEOPLE, FICTIONAL CHARACTERS, MOVIES AND TV SERIES CITY, NATIONS, FOOTBALL CLUB AND NATIONAL FOOTBALL, FAMOUS BOOKS (Sources: wikipedia, wikiquote, google, feed rss, internet) - JOKE Module : tells funny jokes, questions, jokes men vs. women, jokes Chuck Norris and funny insults to use with friends. - NEWS Module: read the latest news on topics of your interest: the world economy, cinema, sport and much more. RSS reader is completely configurable. - BRAIN TRAIN Module: train your mind every day with math exercises, sight and memory. - SOUNDS Module: plays sounds from a list where you can choose: humans sounds, animal sounds, weapons sounds, impacts sounds. - RIDDLE Module: entertains you with riddles, math riddles, logic riddles with suggestions and solutions. - QUOTE Module: searches quotes about the subject required or random quotes and offer love quotes, friendship quotes, motivational quotes, birthday quotes. - BASE Module: provides you information, helps, tutorial, speech dialogue, random topic, presentations and identifications (source wikipedia), flash light, countdown, stopwatch, chat with DataBot.
