Meet Local Singles on DateBang! The #1 free hookup dating app of 2017! Use your GPS to see who is near you location and send a free flirt or naughty chat text message. We have millions of active members looking for discreet dating and local hookups and you can chat with everyone live and for free right away!  Looking for an online dating app with REAL members and actual hookups? Welcome to DateBang where everybody is here for the same reason... to meet local singles. Whether it's quickie dates, casual encounters, long term relationships, or even marriage you're looking for, you can find it on our free new app. When you join it won't be too long before you are building up your friends list and dating singles who are simply looking for hookups and casual affairs.  Share Your Interests Create a profile that lets others know what you are interested in. This also means that you will find out what they are into. How better a way to meet like-minded singles for online hookup dating.  DateBang is Safe, Private & Secure Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. We have created a platform that ensures your online dating experience is within a safe, secure and private environment. Send anonymous disappearing messages and use enhanced privacy settings to chat with strangers for anonymous discreet dating and hookups.  DateBang is the top adult dating app to chat, meet and date hot singles nearby. With close to 50 million messages exchanged every day, it's never been easier to flirt and find a casual affair on our new affair dating app. We are the dating and social networking app of choice for a community of millions of single women and men worldwide.  Seeking someone hot to flirt with tonight? Meet singles in your city, start a private chat and arrange a date instantly. Set off on a flirty online dating adventure that could easily become a real date. Our members come to date online and hookup tonight. You'll see why more and more people join because ifs fast, fun, and free.  Throw in easy photo uploading and in-app notifications, and you’ve got a dating app experience that’s completely unmatched. It’s a personalized approach to dating that makes it easier for you to connect with local singles and meet that special someone.  - Photo Verification - We offer members the ability to verify that their photos look like them. Look for the blue badge that shows the members who have had their photos verified. Note, nudity and naked photos are not allowed so please do not upload sexually explicit images. We delete pictures and videos of naked members portraying sex.  - Personalized Introductions - Get set up with singles we believe you’re more likely to be attracted to and interested in. Use your webcam to chat with other likeminded locals who are also looking for local hookups and casual encounters.  - Bootycall Social Match Game - It's fun and free to play and you never know who you'll meet. We have teen dating and older women dating as well. Some members even join for milf dating and for finding cougars to hook up with.  - Free Chat & Messaging - Chat with other members in real time to get to know each other better before dating. Our platform allows for unlimited webcam chat and naughty text messaging.  - Sophisticated Matching - Our algorithm saves you time by ranking your matches based on what you care about. View your matches for FREE! Sort by last online, newest users and more!  - Multiple Login Options - Use your logins from other dating apps. We currently support usernames for Tinder, Zoosk, OKCupid, and Bumble. You will never be without a local dating app again!  We have more members joining every single minute. Stop wasting time on other dating apps. Find someone now and hookup tonight on DateBang!
