Access your interactive Experian Credit Report anytime, anywhere – absolutely free!  Checking your own report doesn’t hurt your credit and there’s no credit card required. Your free Experian Credit Report is automatically updated every 30 days when you sign in, so your credit information is always at your fingertips. See where you stand and interact with your credit in a completely re-imagined way. You’ll also get notifications on your smartphone and tablet when key updates to your credit report are detected.  Key Features:  FREE CREDIT REPORT • View your Experian Credit Report and better understand what kind of information that banks and lenders see – including your credit accounts, inquiries and public records. • Your Experian Credit Report will automatically be updated every 30 days, when you sign in.  CREDIT MONITORING & ALERTS • We monitor changes to your credit profile like when a new credit account is opened in your name or when an inquiry appears on your credit report. • We’ll send you a push notification, so you can view these alerts directly on your device.  CREDIT AT-A-GLANCE • Easily monitor your credit and see a breakdown of your accounts in a fun new way. • See how your credit usage impacts your credit by keeping track of how much you spend and how much debt you have, in the Credit and Debt Summary section.  FAQs:  • Is my Experian Credit Report really free? Yes, Experian provides a 100% free credit report. No credit card required.  • Will checking my report hurt my credit No, checking your own report with Experian does not impact your credit.  • How often does my Experian Credit Report update? Your free credit report is updated every 30 days.  • What if I already have an account through freecreditreport.com, freecreditscore.com or Experian CreditWorks? If you already have one these accounts, just sign in with your existing username and password to start using the app  About Experian:  Experian was the first company and credit bureau to offer online credit reporting services in the United States of America, and now is the leading provider of credit data and services. Experian maintains credit information on approximately 220 million U.S. consumers with more than 1.5 petabytes (1.5 quadrillion bytes) of data, empowering consumers to manage and improve their financial status, and helping them to protect themselves against fraud and identity theft. Experian is deeply committed to educating consumers through financial literacy and funding programs, and work with non-profit and public education leaders