HotelTonight helps you find & book last minute hotels at great prices. • We are the night out with friends that turned into a road trip to Vegas • We are the birthday getaway you spontaneously booked for this weekend • We are the business trip you locked down in 10 seconds, at your soon-to-be-favorite hotel   Here’s how we deliver: • Great prices! Hotels give us last minute discounts on their empty rooms. You get the best rates and deals, guaranteed • Book a room in just 10 seconds – 3 taps and a swipe! • We screen all the hotels we work with, and only feature the ones where we know you’ll have a great stay • Categories (like Basic, Hip and Luxe) to make it easy to find the right hotel for you • Hotel descriptions that boil down the top 3 reasons why we like the hotels we work with – and why you will, too • Escapes, highlighting the best driving-distance getaways and vacations for the weekend ahead or for that very night • GeoRates that score you extra savings off our already-discounted rates (you'll find them in the app marked in green) • 24/7 customer support (from real, live, nice people)   Some of the many ways you can use HotelTonight: • A mid-week booking or staycation at that spot you’ve always wanted to check out… just because • Spontaneous summer afternoons by the hotel pool • Luxury vacations scored on the cheap • Summer weekend holidays booked on the fly • To stay and play a little longer • To turn tonight (or tomorrow... or next week) into an adventure   Let’s connect: • Email: feedback@hoteltonight.com • Facebook: facebook.com/HotelTonight • Twitter: @HotelTonight • Instagram: @HotelTonight • Snapchat: @HotelTonight   Hotels we love. Deals you’ll love. Tonight, tomorrow and next week. We are the excuse to travel as much as you’ve always wanted. Travel doesn’t have to be out of reach... we help you get discounted cheap last minute rates at awesome hotels. Weekend holidays, summer vacations, last-minute trips… open up HotelTonight and you’ll be on your way to a great stay. Whether you’re looking to find a last minute holiday on the cheap, road trip and see where you end up, hit the town and see where the night takes you or just plan less and live more, we’ve got your back.