Jarvis is a one of a kind novelty personal assistant app with a cool factor like none other in the store, skyrocketing your phone's coolness factor to a whole new level.  NOTE: Jarvis currently supports only English language.  But don't get us wrong, Jarvis is more than just a show off, he can be your personal assistant keeping you informed about weather, news, calls, text messages and what more, control your phone settings like turning on WiFi, Flash, Bluetooth to name some, play songs over bluetooth, set reminders based on people.  Jarvis adds a cool factor to every thing he does making you look awesome!  Widget support Access Jarvis from your lock screen with a single tap. Save notes & access them with Notes widget.  Wearable support Jarvis runs on your Android wearable as well. Ask him to play songs by name, update your phone's background, change phone's settings & the list goes on.  WakeUp Alarms Use Jarvis to set quick wake up alarms, this couldn't get any easier.  Calls & Messages Make calls & send text messages with Jarvis, all you have to do is just tell him.  CloudVoice Dynamic conversations Jarvis is dynamic in conversation. He has a variety of answers for variety of questions & some of them are outright funny. If he doesn't know any, he learns them over time.  Notifications Get voice notifications about weather, news, battery status & power levels.   Automatic wallpaper update Jarvis can update your home screen wallpaper automatically almost every day keeping it refreshed.   Theme support Customize the appearance of the app by selecting from Mark I, Mark II & Mark III themes.   Device control Control your phone settings like Flash, WiFi etc   People reminder A one of a kind reminder which allows you to link reminders to your contacts so you get reminded when you get or make a phone call.   Media playback Play media by name, album, artist. Shuffle the list, play or stop.   Bluetooth Support beta If your device is running JellyBean or up, you can use your bluetooth headset to control Jarvis, play media over it and do tons of other stuffs. This feature is still in beta so don't be alarmed if some bugs pop up.   General searches Ask Jarvis general questions like "Who is the first president of USA", "How many meters are in a kilometer", "Convert 100 cm to inches"   Office hours & Night mode It's always irritating when your phone notifies you something when you are in office or when you are home getting a good sleep. Jarvis understands that and has you covered with two modes, Office Mode & Quiet hours   Contextually Aware Jarvis is contextually aware of time & device settings and he adapts himself based on when you wake him up.   Easter eggs Apart from the regular chores, Jarvis tries his best to keep you entertained. There are some easter eggs hidden inside the app, see if you can uncover them.  