LINE reshapes communication around the globe, allowing you to enjoy not only messaging but also free voice and video calls wherever you find yourself.  Download LINE and discover the reasons for its global popularity and number one ranking in 52 countries.  LINE's latest features  ★ Intimate conversations or large round tables can happen anywhere with group video calls Chat with up to 200 friends in your group simultaneously! Enjoy face to face video chats with friends as well!  ★ Use polls to quickly see what your friends think From where to meet to what to eat, avoid lengthy discussions and make decisions easily by creating a poll.  LINE's main features  ★ Free voice and video calls anywhere, anytime Enjoy great quality calls at no charge, no matter where you are. Even international calls with up to 200 people at the same time are completely free! Use effects and filters for even more fun during video calls. (Note that this feature may not be available on certain devices.)  ★ Convenient chats where anything is possible Share messages, photos, videos, stickers, voice messages, and locations easily with friends.  ★ Fun and easy-to-use social networking features From messages and photos to videos and locations, share your daily moments with friends on Timeline!  ★ Find the world's most popular characters at the Sticker Shop Browse hundreds of popular free stickers plus adorable stickers of the world's favorite characters! Choose from a variety of LINE sticker sets to liven up your messages in your own unique way.  ★ Auto-sync your device and PC Whether on the go with the mobile version or connected to the desktop version using your PC or Mac, your LINE chats are always up-to-date and synced automatically across all versions.  ★ Your own personal storage space: Keep Store messages, photos, videos, and more in Keep where you can easily share them with friends.  ★ Stay informed with LINE official accounts Connect directly with your favorite celebrities and companies by friending their official accounts.  ★ Get connected to new apps LINE provides a gateway to entertainment and lifestyle apps that will keep you entertained and bring new convenience to your life.  ★ Make international calls with LINE Out Place international calls to mobile phones and landlines at low rates. You can even call friends who aren't on LINE. Plus, enjoy free calls after watching ads with LINE Out Free.  ■ We recommend using a data plan or connecting to Wi-Fi as you may incur data usage fees otherwise. ■ Please also use LINE with Android OS versions 4.1 and above to enjoy LINE to the fullest extent.