Musixmatch is the world’s largest collection of song lyrics used by millions of people to get instant synchronised lyrics for Youtube, Spotify, Pandora and more. You can also now use it to get song translations on the go.   KEY FEATURES:  Musixmatch lets you:  • Enjoy song lyrics with music from Spotify, Youtube, Pandora, Apple Music, SoundCloud, Google Play Music and all your other favourite streaming services • Tap on the real- time notification to display the Floating Lyrics widget and get the current track’s lyrics • Easily learn new languages by displaying the translation of the lyrics, in time with music. • Identify and get the lyrics to any song that’s playing around you with one tap • Search for your favourite song by title, artist and even just using a single line of the lyrics   ADDITIONAL FEATURES  With Musixmatch you can also:  • Use the smart seek to find your favourite lyrics by easily skipping through a song using the the progress bar • Share your favourite song lyrics on amazing backgrounds with the LyricsCard feature • Play Youtube videos in full screen, on landscape mode, to enjoy the FloatingLyrics fully integrated with the video • Play, pause, skip track from your lock screen • Get notified instantly when new lyrics from your favourite artists are available • Quickly and easily find all your favorites on your profile • Preview songs or watch their Youtube videos • Collect your identified songs in a Spotify playlist • Join our Community so you can submit all your favourite lyrics, put them in time with music and even have fun translating them • Fetch song info and cover art for your songs.  LOCK SCREEN For listeners on the go, you can fire up a song from your favorite music app and automatically get the lyrics on the Lock Screen. Try the Musixmatch Lock Screen with Spotify, Play Music or any other music app. By enabling it, you can even control the music and have the identifying lyrics button just one tap away.  WEARABLES & TV STREAMING  • Musixmatch is available on your Android Wear devices • Enjoy Musixmatch at home casting local music and lyrics to your TV with Chromecast  MUSIXMATCH PREMIUM FEATURES  Offline lyrics - enjoy all the lyrics you have viewed without a connection. No ads - get all the lyrics with no ads. No commitment - cancel any time you like.  GET STARTED  Not sure where to start? Be sure to have enabled the FloatingLyrics and let Musixmatch find lyrics for your songs on Spotify, Pandora, Play music, Youtube, SoundCloud and more.