Pulse re-imagines your messaging experience by making your messages available - seamlessly - across all your devices. Send and receive text messages from your laptop, PC, tablet, watch, TV, and any device with access to a web browser. Start by creating a Pulse account on your phone, and you will have instant access to all your messages.  Even if you don't want to use it on other devices, here are just a few of the features that make Pulse SMS the ultimate texting experience: - Endless global and per-conversation theme options - Share GIFs with your messages, from Giphy - Delayed sending - Snooze notifications - Powerful searching through messages and conversations - Beautiful, readability-style browser, for the best web experience - Archive conversations - Blacklist phone numbers - Schedule messages - Automatic message backup and restore with a web account - Dual-SIM support (Android 5.1+) - plus so much more!   Supported Platforms With our web messenger, you can send and receive SMS/MMS and manage the app from ANY device connected to the internet! This means you can text from your computer, whether it is a Mac, PC, or Linux machine, while sitting at work.  Not only is there a web app to send text and picture messages, Pulse SMS also has native messaging apps for Android tablets, Android Wear, Google Chrome, Firefox, and even Android TV: https://messenger.klinkerapps.com/supported_platforms.html  All of your conversations are stored in the cloud using strong end-to-end encryption, so you never have to worry about your data getting out. With Pulse, you get privacy and piece of mind, right out of the box: https://messenger.klinkerapps.com/encryption.html   Price The Android side of this app is completely FREE, and will be forever - enjoy Pulse on your phone and replace your boring old SMS/MMS messaging app!  To text from other devices, you can choose between a very small subscription fee, or a one-time payment. This allows me to fully encrypt your data since I don't need to sell it, like free services! Your security is paramount for me, but that does mean a few dollars for hosting costs. Compare Pulse SMS to the competition's messenger apps and you will instantly see that they can't touch our prices!  For full pricing details, see here: https://messenger.klinkerapps.com/faq.html  -------  Pulse is the first true iMessage competitor for Android and is the premier web and computer messaging application. Everything is instant and setup is a breeze. 