Rookie Cam™ is the filter camera photo editor that empowers those who wish to go beyond the basic photo editing. Bringing the look and feel of a professional photographer, Rookie Cam lets you express even the most subtle mood on your photos.  LIVE FILTER CAMERA Snap photos with 116 hand-picked quality filters applied in real time. Make your subject to stand out with real-time Blur Effect. Powerful camera options  COLLAGE & PHOTO BOOTH Shoot & combine multiple photos in a stylish frame. Combine up to 9 shots in a single frame. Collage your photos like a magazine, a poster, or a themed album.  PHOTO EFFECT THEMES Ordinary days can get extraordinary with Rookie Cam. Rookie Cam provides 116 filter effects beloved by professional photographers, all conveniently packed in 10 different themes. Rookie Cam’s themes vary from the feel of film camera to the unique sets of classy moods or fun creativity. Whether you are looking for vintage sentiments or special effects like skin smoothing, blur, textures, or light leak, you will find it all in Rookie Cam.  TEXTURES & LIGHT LEAKS For those who want the extra something, Rookie Cam provides 60 Textures & Light Leaks. Bring the unique feel to your photos as Rookie Cam combines the sentiment of analog photography with digital film.  PROFESSIONAL EDITING Rookie Cam provides editing features perfect for those who wish for a more sophisticated photo editing.  DESIGN TOOLS Find your special design tools in Rookie Cam - text function with 100+ fonts, 300+ badges and stickers to express variety of moods, 200+ unique shaped frames to perfect your photos.  MORE AWESOME FEATURES Edit history : Undo, Redo Compare with an original photo anytime Preview feature that shows the effects at a glance Freely adjust the strength of the photo effects Text - color palette, spacing & opacity control Stickers & Shapes - color palette, opacity control Grid lines to guide stickers and text placement Video tutorial  SAVE & SHARE Save to maximum resolution of your device. Photo Sharing to Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Kakaotalk, Line etc