The popular music app with 300 million+ downloads globally!  What’s that song? SoundHound is the free music discovery app that can listen and identify what’s playing. The music player gives you full-length songs and videos with real-time song lyrics. You can even take your searches handsfree by saying, “OK Hound… what’s that song?”.  Enjoy an immersive experience whether singing along with karaoke-style LiveLyrics®, watching full music videos, or simply sampling curated playlists of top artists and emerging performers. Browse throughout the app while your music continues playing in the background.  HANDSFREE  • Use “OK Hound…” to access playlists such as: • Your personal SoundHound music history • Emerging artists across the globe • Hottest tracks in the US and around the world • New songs this week • Most popular songs of the week • Songs you have favorited • Playlists saved on your device  Or continue to access all of the great SoundHound features you know and love through the classic tap, swipe and type modes:  SEARCH  • Tap the orange button to instantly identify songs and see live lyrics, video playback, share, stream, or buy • Sing or Hum into SoundHound, for results when you can’t get that song out of your head • Access your History, showing your previous searches (register to ensure you can access all of your discoveries!) to add to your Spotify playlist • Search hands-free. “OK Hound, what’s this song?” • SoundHound saves all of your searches for easy playback  DISCOVER  • View LiveLyrics®, moving real-time with the music, and sing along • Check out weekly featured songs, videos, artists & albums • Find out what’s being played near you & around the world with our Music Map • Learn about ‘Artists Born Today’, showcasing artists on their birthday, everyday • Access artist photos & biographies, album release dates & band info • See the hottest in new music, across Global, Emerging and Popular charts • Learn about new releases using your voice. “OK Hound, what’s Taylor Swift’s latest song?”  PLAY  • Play the full song and watch the music video with our embedded YouTube player • Browse the top videos others are watching • Listen to songs or playlists in your favorite connected streaming services, such as Spotify, Pandora, or Apple Music • Purchase songs or albums instantly in iTunes • Say it to play it. “OK Hound, please play Hello by Adele” • Enjoy your favorite Spotify playlists in SoundHound, and follow along with LiveLyrics®. • Interact with the lyrics to navigate the song - jump to the chorus, skip ahead, or replay from the beginning by tapping. • Enjoy a hands-free listening experience using voice for playback controls - play, stop, shuffle, pause, replay or turn up the volume.  CONNECT & SHARE  • Share your music discoveries to Facebook or Twitter • Easily import your searched music and favorites into Spotify 