Split Pic Pro Create awesome Twin Pics in full resolution using this Split camera pro app. The greatest and the most elegant way to create pic story with simple and easily few taps. Create you own identical twin using the twin camera feature, you can also clone yourself or your friends by importing cool photos from SD card. Further make them memorable by using photo filters and picture effects.  Twin pic makes your collection of photos look like a photoframe or Snap photo where you can   You don't want to miss out on this opportunity to create a timeline of photos and share with friends and family using Split Pic Pro. Create Big stories, Social stories, color stories etc with this Split Camera photo stories pro app.  The Twin Camera with e of Split Pic Proffects or the Clone Camera with effect is one of a kind app that helps your photo look as realistic autodesk as it could every be possible.
Some amazing features of Split Pic: ♥♥ Import Photos from Gallery, Google Photos or click directly from camera. ♥♥ Flash Modes available in the camera. ♥♥ More than 20 Effects included to make the Super Selfies. ♥♥ Save and Share on social media like, facebook, instagram, whatsapp, flickr, 500px with one click. ♥♥ Add InstaCaption to your stories and add a message to the Cool Stories or Split pic or camera clone that you will create. ♥♥ High resolution Twin Pic export for all devices. ♥♥ Option to save and resume later.  Some Amazing Filters: ♥ Retro - oldify the mirror photos ♥ Galaxy - galaxy filter on splits ♥ Sunset - grid with sunset effect ♥ Unique - true story and unique ♥ cute - funny and cute effects and more..  SO let's split the photos taken from camera or SD card and create a story line of photos containing friends and family. Create Retro Selfies and share on facebook using Split Pic pro app.  Take a snap from camera and add to split camera pro app, providing a feature of splitting a long card like a collage, without actually downloading a collage maker app.  Import photos from gallery or Photos app and make photo combos with front cymera with flash along with easy share option make your world better then ever with twin pic clone camera app.