The TrackID™ music recognition app is the best way to identify the music around you – it can tell you what song you are listening to within seconds. It's easy to use, has a clean new design and is available in more than 60 languages worldwide.  With the TrackID™ song identifier app, you can dive deeper into the music that interests you by exploring artist biographies, watching music videos, seeing who's atop the TrackID™ Charts and more.  Get a sneak peek by listening to a free preview of that ear-catching tune you've discovered. Plus, if you connect TrackID™ to Spotify, you can listen in full to the songs you have identified and add them directly to your Spotify playlist*. You can even download* the songs you've found, or watch their videos on YouTube.  Do you live in an area where your Internet connection is spotty? With offline mode, TrackID™ captures the track and identifies it when you're back online. Never miss out on a track again because your network fails you in that crucial moment!  Get your friends in on the action too. Spark conversations and reminisce about good times by sharing your identified tracks on Facebook or chatting about them with friends in WhatsApp. With TrackID™, it’s easy to share your music as you go.  Great music requires a great-looking app. Our new design brings the experience alive. With TrackID™, discovering music has never looked so good.  MAIN FEATURES - Find a song within seconds with the press of a button. - Your history is easily accessible on the start page. - Offline mode helps you capture tracks when you have no network. Resume the search when your Internet connection is restored. - Listen to a preview of the song so you can be sure it matches what you found. - Watch music videos on YouTube. - Listen to the song you recognized in Spotify or add it directly to your Spotify playlist* so you never lose it again. - Download the song* there and then.  DISCOVER - It's on the tip of your tongue! Find out the track title and the artist's name. - Jog your memory by viewing the album name and cover art. - Get the bigger picture with the genre of the track. - Settle debates by finding out the album’s record label and the year the album was released. - Learn more with pictures and an in-depth biography of the artist. - Explore the other popular songs and albums related to the artist. - Put it into context by viewing the album playlist.   EXPLORE AND SHARE - What have other people searched for? Discover the hottest global hits with TrackID™ Charts from all over the world. - Love the song you've found? Share it with your friends on Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Google+ and more. - Log in with Facebook or Google and have your history backed up and accessible from multiple devices. - Take advantage of two widgets for fast access from your home screen.  Top recent searches on the music identifying TrackID™ app reveal that the trending and most popular artists of the moment include Jess Glynne, Avicii, Lana Del Ray, and Lost Frequencies Feat. Janieck Devy. Be sure to check out https://trackid.sonymobile.com/newsongs/US to see more from these musicians as well as other great artists today. 