Our aim with this player is to give the users a light video player full of features, easy to use and super fun. in the video player you can find features such as create your own playlists, search for your favorite videos, add videos to your favorites and much more. we have completely redesigned the user interface and made infrastructure changes to make it work with more speed and comfort. our bonus to you is a floating video panel mode. Our Player is easy to use ,finding your favorite tunes is easy, just search for any term and get a feed of answers related to your search term. We made it our mission to make it suitable for all ages. The app is designed for kids, they can easily play with the app for hours. You can take it with you to literally anywhere and use it on the go. just make your playlist in advance and use it to boost any party, connect the app to a Bluetooth speaker and you can start DJ . This app is totally free to use and is ad supported just to help us develop more features and deliver the best product we can to you. -You can say that our app is similar in its functionalities to other similar Tube Players yet it's different. in our mind creating a super easy to use User interface is a must-UX is one of our most important dos. You can enjoy a simple and super fast use of the app, bare in mind that internet is needed so try to use it over wi-fi. It's never been so easy to get the things you like on your device. just search, scroll, play, repeat. its as simple as that with our bonus feature, the floating mode you can now continue doing what you love while listening to the music. Unfortunately when you close the screen the app will no longer play, unfortunately it is not allowed by YouTube policy. Get the flexibility you need, when listening to the content you want to hear – comfort at its best, answer your messages or even play at a different app – it's up to you. designed to fit your rhythm of lifestyle. to top it up it is extremely Easy to create a favorite Playlist add or remove an item from the list – very modular. creating a playlist for your commute time or for the gym, or for a quiet evening or for the kids to watch some cartoons. -If you enjoyed many other popular players such as Mate this might be handy or useful for you. We thank you for taking the time to download and use our app. We Thank you for your support and hope you enjoyed this ride. If you have questions or any concerns about this app – we have a dedicated support team, which is here to provide you with the right answers. You can set anything you wish and customize this app to fit your exact needs you can set a playlist and use it in your journeys or even when you start a party at your house. -You can make this your new mate. If you liked Vid, you might relate to some of the features which are presented in this app. The app was tested on many devices but if you find issues or bugs please send a detailed email to our support team i order to fix those bugs asap it will really help if we get an email stating the model of the phone, the OS version and the exact scenario in which the bug occurred. -disclaimer: we are not affiliated or endorsed by any of the items or the performers. we use a simple api to deliver the content to you. and downloading videos is not permitted or possible like in other tube downloaders. we only stream the content you search for so keep in mind to use the cell network data in a smart manner. Have fun!
