Universal Book Reader is a stylish and user-friendly eBook reading app for Android.     NEW! With this major new release you are able to open over 50 file formats via import to ePub and PDF:  • Convert azw, azw3, cbc, cbr, cbz, chm, docx, fb2, lit, lrf, mobi, pdb, pml, prc, rb, tcr and txt to ePub  • Convert ai, bmp, csv, djvu, doc, dwg, dxf, eps, gif, jpg, odg, odp, ods, odt, pcx, png, pps, ppsx, ppt, pptx, psd, pub, rtf, svg, tga, tiff, wbmp, webp, wmf, wpd, wps, xlr, xls, xlsx and xps to PDF  UB Reader provides a comfortable reading experience for Android smartphones and tablets, allowing you to read EPUB and PDF files - DRM-protected and otherwise. An integrated file browser allows you to quickly add any eBook stored on your device, over email, or through the Feedbooks.com online store.  SIMPLE YET POWERFUL READING FEATURES:   • Feedbooks online store – Get access to the entire Feedbooks catalog directly through UB Reader, including full integration of your Feedbooks Bookshelf.  • Intuitive and fast navigation - page flipping with animations, scroll slider to help you get to desired page easily.  • Customizable reading experience - font size and type customization, multiple view modes for easier day or night reading, brightness adjustment, and page orientation settings.  • Helpful text search features.  • Bookmark pages for quick reference later.  • Open EPUB / PDF files from external file browsers.  • Localized in 12 languages - Brazilian Portuguese, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish and Swedish.  ROBUST EBOOK MANAGEMENT:   • Bookcase view allows you to add new shelves, select multiple books, view by list or grid, and browse through your collection.  • Integrated file browser - quickly browse and import your own EPUB and PDF files from the memory card on your device, and also import entire folders of ebooks.  • Powerful converter – export over 50 different file formats to PDF or ePub including mobi, txt, csv, xlsx, docx, odt, pub, wps, psd and many more.  • Books can be received as email attachments and imported to UB Reader from the Preview option of the email client.  • Sort books by title, author, or time of use.  PURCHASE A UB READER FULL VERSION KEY FOR EVEN MORE FEATURES:   • Ad free.  • Text-to-Speech support.  • Lock specific books in your library.  • Create direct shortcuts to books on your homescreen.
