Viber Free Messenger and Phone Calls: Connecting millions worldwide! Write a text message, call, chat and share with anyone, anywhere! Viber is your go-to free messenger, allowing you to message or call anyone in the world through your Internet connection*. Send a text message to friends and family with Viber Messenger. Call your loved ones using Viber’s live video chat or voice call, all part of Viber’s free and high-quality phone calls. Express yourself with cool stickers and emoji icons, share photos, and send your favorite videos. The free messenger also lets you make international phone calls for free. Connect with friends and family using instant messaging, voice calls, or live video chats Choose a contact from your phone book or simply enter a phone number to add a new contact on Viber messenger. Send a text message, or take advantage of the other amazing features that Viber offers beyond just free messages! Share photos and videos, enjoy emoji icons and cool stickers, record audio messages, and even send files. Group chat with up to 250 people! With Viber messenger, it’s easy to create and join group chats - with up to 250 people at once! Chat with your favorite people, ‘like’ any user’s voice, or text message. Why users worldwide are choosing Viber Free Messenger: ★Hassle-free, long-distance calls- Viber Messenger is your free international calling app! No need for a username or login information, simply activate by entering your phone number. ★ Voice or video - Make your free phone call now! - Choose between the basic voice call or go with our live video chat if you need a face-to-face! Whether you make a phone call domestically or have international calls to make, all phone calls boast HD quality sound. ★ Instant video messages - Tap and hold the instant video icon to capture the moment with 30-second videos, release to send. ★Secured communications - Viber messenger automatically encrypts text messages, video and voice calls, photos, videos, and group chats. ★Express yourself with stickers - Bring your text message to life by sending playful emoji icons and cool stickers. ★Your personal messenger with “damage control” - Delete a text message or voice message even after it was sent. ★‘Hidden Chats’ feature - Choose to hide specific chats from your messaging screen and access them later.  Install Viber Free Messenger Now - Start Connecting! Facebook - http://facebook.com/viber Twitter - http://twitter.com/viber   (*) Wi-Fi or data plan - network data charges may apply.   Viber is part of the Rakuten Group, a world leader in e-commerce and financial services.
