Now get Virtual Wallet on-the-go with your Android device. Virtual Wallet by PNC is a free App for all PNC Virtual Wallet customers.   FEATURES MAIN – At-a-glance view of Money Bar, the upcoming week and your last five transactions.  MOBILE DEPOSIT - Use your camera equipped Android device to deposit checks using automatic image capture. Now it's even easier to deposit checks using the PNC Virtual Wallet app. When using Mobile Deposit, position your check within the on-screen guides and allow the app to capture the check image automatically.  TRANSFER FUNDS - Slide the Money Bar to transfer funds between your Spend and Reserve accounts. Use Transfer Funds to move funds between the Spend, Reserve, and Growth accounts.  CALENDAR - View your scheduled payments and transfers, transaction history, paydays, reserve items, and Danger Days.  PAY BILLS - Make one-time bill payments to billers you have already set up online using Virtual Wallet.  ACTIVITIES - View recent transaction history in your Virtual Wallet accounts and search for specific transactions by date, amount, or check number.  LOCATE PNC - Locate the nearest PNC Bank Branch or ATM using built-in Location Services or search by zip code and street address.  RESERVE ITEMS – View items and use Buy Now option to transfer from your Reserve account to your Spend account.  SECURITY - With PNC’s Security Assurance, you can be confident that your personal and financial information will be protected while using the Virtual Wallet App.  Follow us on Twitter @PNCVWallet for the latest Virtual Wallet updates.  For mobile banking support, call 1-800-762-2035 For general support, call 1-800-PNC-BANK (762-2265)  PNC does not charge a fee for mobile banking. However, third party message and data rates may apply. A supported mobile device is needed to use the Mobile Banking App. Use of the Mobile Deposit feature requires a supported camera-equipped device. An eligible PNC Bank account and PNC Bank Online Banking are required. Certain other restrictions apply. See the PNC Online Banking Service Agreement.  PNC may use certain technologies to collect additional information related to the status and condition of your mobile devices. This information may be used to support the security of your transaction with PNC, determine industry trends, and for other research purposes.

 